Know take a look at how we can modify this D-B instance and to do that I'm going to go to my RLDS class
and let's just close this and I'm going to go down to my described method and in there I'm going to
simply say def modify and I simply going to modify my master user password so that I can just refresh
it from time to time modify master user password and I'm going to pass in my D-B identifier
and my new password so I can use it while calling my method modifying.
And let's just print this out.
Modifying master user password.
All right.
Now let's just return.
Client not modify the instance.
All right.
And the first thing that I have to pass in is the D-B instance identifier.
So let's just say DBI identifier.
And as you can see we can simply change everything about our our DST instance.
But in our case I'm just going to replace my password with a new one.
So let's just say maß user password equals 2 new password.
All right.
So let's go to our test employment class and let's just call this method to make use of it.
So modify master password.
And what I'm going to do is I'm going to get the R D s client and call the modify master user password
and for the instance identifier I'm going to go to my instance launching method and I'm going to get
the D-B instance identifier just like that.
So I'm going to pass Indes and I'm going to provide a new password.
My brand new post gray and or my brand new password just like that.
So this is all I have to do to modify my D-B instance.
And we can verify this while connecting with the post-IPO client.
So let's call this method let's just comment this out and modify maß password and let's just hit run.
And here we go.
Our execution is already complete.
And let's go to our post Tiko collide.
And as you can remember we already have our configuration within the postcode client.
So if we try to connect to our post-IPO client with our old password we won't be able to do that.
So let's just try it and as you can see it just simply cannot connect to the pulse he call instance
and if he again tried to give the old password for our RLDS instance you won't be able to connect to
it.
And as you can see password authentication failed for user postchaise and you just simply edit this
and go back to our new password and copy it and if paste it right here and if he had connect.
And here we go our master user password is just modify it with just a simple API call.
Simple as that.